hello how about youtube friends
Welcome back to my channel in
this opportunity I bring you a topic of
memphis the blusera the forked that I
they asked for a lot remember as
I always say my name is Sebastian and
I'm a saxophonist and this is a channel for
beginners where the idea is to go up
topics so that while you study go
playing a little while
good and now I will be
inaugurating the new possibility of
contact that is ask facebook which is
are saxophone rock so by classes
and other powers to contact me out there if
I 'm going to play it with tenor sax because
is originally recorded contact
outside and I'll put the notes for the
high and for the tenor for him or how much
almost first what to do with the sax
only after I'll do with the track
and now with the track it would always sound
m
good friends see you next I hope
Enjoy it, thanks for the mails
for the subscriptions subscribe to me
channel I will be being all the
information the idea is that you enjoy
these while they are studying if so
what good did you see them I expect from facebook or
wherever you want on facebook also there
a lot of things to learn
more about the instrument a hug we
we are seeing